Update acknowledgment slide (#6104)
BLAST-WarpX/warpx: Docs/source/acknowledge_us.rst

In presentations
****************

> For your presentations, you can find WarpX slides `here <https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1irVUyGKc-1vaQbJN7HgdBpPGQICfD5ci_maOu6noypk/edit?usp=sharing>`__.

Reviewer: If we now provide only a single slide, should we say this instead?
```suggestion
For your presentations, you can find a WarpX acknowledgment slide `here <https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1irVUyGKc-1vaQbJN7HgdBpPGQICfD5ci_maOu6noypk/edit?usp=sharing>`__.
```
Or maybe "a WarpX summary slide", something along these lines.
